Move the Release Binaries Build from stacks-core to actions (#19)
stacks-network/actions: stacks-core/create-source-binary/README.md

# Create Source Binary action

Builds a binary for the given architecture and uploads it to artifacts.

## Documentation

### Inputs

| Input            | Description                   | Required | Default                  |
| ---------------- | ----------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------ |
| `arch`           | Binary's build architecture   | `true`   | null                     |

## Usage

```yaml

> name: Action
> on: push
> jobs:
>   build:
>     name: Job
>     runs-on: ubuntu-latest
>     strategy:
>       max-parallel: 10
>       matrix:
>         platform: ${{ fromJson(inputs.arch) }}
>     steps:
>       - name: Build Binary
>         id: build_binary
>         timeout-minutes: 30
>         uses: stacks-network/actions/stacks-core/create-source-binary@main
>         with:
>           arch: ${{ matrix.platform }}

Reviewer: for the example, keep it simple. ex:
```suggestion
name: Action
on: push
jobs:
  build:
    name: Job
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Build Binary
        id: build_binary
        uses: stacks-network/actions/stacks-core/create-source-binary@main
        with:
          arch: linux-glibc-x64
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/stacks-network/actions/pull/19/files#r1476785672

adding the input tag, this example will need to be changed slightly:
```
...
        with:
	          arch: linux-glibc-x64
              tag: 0.0.0.1-rc1	          
```
